{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c22745\c23529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Large Coursework Brief\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Your brief is to 
\f1\b design and build a responsive website
\f0\b0  of a magazine or a newsletter. This may take the form of a topical or a news magazine or a newsletter for a club or society. If possible this should represent a real situation. For example:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 A topical magazine should be of interest to people who follow that topic, so find a group of enthusiasts about a topic that would like a magazine.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Find a club that needs a newsletter and try to understand what that might cover and look like.\cb1 \
\cb3 Be careful ... make it clear that you are interested to prototype a web site for a student project, and perhaps later show them what might be possible. Don\'92t promise to build them a web site for this assignment. If you want to negotiate to do that in your own time as an individual feel free to do that.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Your web site should have 5 pages with different types of news and articles. Wherever possible sample content should be representative of the material for that web site. It should have appropriate media, including video and sound clips if relevant.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 In addition to the web site, you will include a
\f1\b  report.html
\f0\b0  file with associated images etc. in your site's base directory. This will explain what you have learned in the process of building your site, where you found your information, and how you have adapted any resources (if applicable). The outline template for the report can be found here:\
\
The specific items you should include in the report are shown in the report template and listed in the Design and Reflection review criteria.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 REVIEW CRITERIA
\f0\b0\fs28 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The project can be described as a set of requirements, which are equally weighted in the marking scheme. They are as follows:\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 The website in general:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Submitted URL works\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5 web pages are implemented with an appropriate hierarchical structure and files are well organised\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Site is accessible, with an explanation of strategies used in the report\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Site has good content \'96 incorporating media (such as pictures, sound and video) where relevant. Content is integrated well to draw a rich, coherent and compelling picture\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 HTML
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HTML is valid and well-formed HTML5\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HTML elements are well chosen, and use structural elements and attributes where possible\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HTML is comprehensively commented\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 CSS
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSS is used to make an appropriate, aesthetic design\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Layout is appropriate and interesting\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Website is responsive, with 
\f1\b explicit 
\f0\b0 responsive behaviour\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSS is comprehensively commented\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 JavaScript
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript is successfully called and student-written code interacts with the DOM\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript has an essential role in the function of some aspect of the website (e.g. image carousel)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Advanced use is made of JavaScript or a JS library is used in a sophisticated way\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JS is comprehensively commented\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Report
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Site map and wireframes are comprehensive and representative, and wireframes reflect the responsive aspects of the site\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mock-ups are present and accurate\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reflection on work (the rest of the report) shows critical and analytical awareness\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf4 Report: Large Coursework YOUR NAME 
\f3\b0\fs24 \

\f2\b\fs32 Introduction: 
\f4\b0 What is the essential story being told by your site and what type of structure did you choose to implement.\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b State 3 things that have inspired you when creating your website. 
\f4\b0 These could include guest speakers, other websites, artists, developers etc. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\b\fs32 State 3 ways in which your site is accessible.\uc0\u8232 State 3 ways in which you have considered usability in your site.\u8232 State 3 things you had to learn/find out by yourself when creating your site, and describe how you did that 
\f4\b0 (i.e. what searches you did, any new tools/techniques you learned, any changes/adaptations you made to a particular resource to make it work with your site). 
\f2\b What aspect(s) of your work do you think worked well and why?\uc0\u8232 What aspect(s) of your work could be improved, and how might you do things differently another time?\u8232 What resources were used when creating your work? 
\f4\b0 You should list here any sources of information, libraries, plug-ins or other code that you used to create your site. You should also reference any code you've used by inserting comments at the start of the scripts. 
\f2\b Appendices: 
\f4\b0 Site Map, Wireframes and Mockups\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Format for citing code:\uc0\u8232 
\f4\b0 [1] Author Initial, Author Surname, 'Title of program/source code' (), Year Published. [Type]. Web address or publisher.\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Example:\uc0\u8232 
\f4\b0 [1] P. Korponai\uc0\u99 \u769 , 'Meteor Kitchen examples' (commit 0abcf1c), 2016. [Source code]. https://github.com/perak/kitchen-examples/tree/master/example-minimal\u8232 
\f2\b Format for citing online resource:\uc0\u8232 
\f4\b0 [1] Author Initial. Author Surname, 'Title', Year Published. [Online]. Available: http://Website URL. [Accessed: 10- Oct- 2013].\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Example:\uc0\u8232 
\f4\b0 [1] Handlebarsjs.com, 'Handlebars Reference', 2016. [Online]. Available: http://handlebarsjs.com/reference.html. [Accessed: 20- Sep- 2016]. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\b\fs32 Taking things from the web 
\f3\b0\fs24 \

\f4\fs32 You can use almost anything you like that you can find on the Web, but you should avoid anything that is not open (e.g. that costs money or requires login or registration), or anything from sites belonging to commercial companies. Being able to re-use other people's ideas is an important web skill. However, it is essential that, on your report page, you describe what you have taken, where you took it from, and what you have done to it. If you copy-and-paste something almost without change, you must say that you have done it, it must conform to the standards, and you shouldn't expect many marks for it, except for how you have made it fit in with and enhance your own design. To get more marks you can use code from elsewhere, document the source of the code in your report.html and then 
\f2\b edit it in some way
\f4\b0 . Showing you can adapt existing code will earn you more marks. In order to be clear which material you have written and which you have used from elsewhere you will be expected to provide comprehensive comments within your HTML, CSS and Javascript files indicating code you have used, code you have adopted and edited and code that you have written. 
\f3\fs24 \
}